
DIAMOND Dedicated Inalienable Attributive Metatronium Ordinal Navigation Database
MISSION: 
To elevate digital manufacturing by rewarding collaboration. 
VISION:
By connecting creators and ideas across a network of partnerships and ensuring fair compensation, the system aims to streamline the design-to-production process and incentivize innovation.
FUNCTION:
Diamond will exist as a portal to interface the collective works of this system by streamlining the logistics and providing contractual brokerage services.
Key Features:
1.	Universal Iterated Attribution Rights: {Golden Rule} =φ:  
Every design level is attributed to its creator(s). If someone else uses or builds upon that design, the original creator(s) get rewarded with an iterative attribution following the golden ratio (φ = 1.61803399)
Total cost is calculated against φ
If a production has a cost of 100: then 100= φ
The total charged will then cost 161.8 with the 61.8 being distributed following iterations of: φ/ᵠ
Onestone will retain the first φ. This works out to 23%. The remaining 14.5 % will be distributed to the creators of the sub techs following the same formula φ/ᵠ
Each level added will drop the attribution by the same golden ratio.

This will look like: production expenses=61.8%, Onestone=23%, and each additional component iteration 9%, 5.5%, or 9%, 3.4%, 2.1%, and so on. 
This will incentivise the community to get creative and ensure they earn those attributions.
2.	Blockchain Integration: 
All attributions and compensations are recorded on a blockchain ledger. This ensures transparency and security in the system.
3.	Partnership Model: Everyone involved with Diamond is considered a partner. This partnership grants access to the platform and its benefits.
Concept Overview:
Diamond will be the portal application used for access to the platform. The UI will be designed and modeled as an educational platform that showcases examples of trending contracts and teaches people how to run their own concepts to be processed and estimated. It's design interface may resemble a VR MMO video game like Minecraft. When users are in the construction area they will be able to search available items or models and if they get to the end of their search without finding what they're looking for they will have the option to design and develop that item themselves. If an item has been designed and the AI in the interface is capable of modeling it, there will be additional steps until such time as other people come to the platform and offer their specific materials or componentry. 
Initially this will be quite a limited system as there will be very basic utilitarian options for production. The first scale of Metatronium introduced will be 100mm/node.

Long term the vision for Diamond is a digital interface that:
1.	Provides tools and training for users to design and create.
2.	Allows users to search for and incorporate virtual materials and parts into their designs.
3.	Operates on a principle of universal attribution and equity dispersal, ensuring creators are rewarded for their contributions.
4.	Remunerative Dilution: This is a system where the φ/ᵠ ratio of compensation for a design decrease as more and more designs build upon it. The idea is that the earliest designs get a smaller piece of the pie as more layers are added on top.
5.	Production and Manufacturing: The system also handles the production side. Producers are alerted to new designs, and there's a clear system for calculating costs and profits.

the Intentions for the organizational body 
that will be used to manage the logistical operation of Metatronium establishes the system as a public utility and into public domain where the free market operates following the protocol established in the setting forth of the exchange. 
I see incentivized inclusion on a global community level as the path forward. 
In short, we emulate the principles of thermodynamics.
the existence of universal principle or universal principality is simply a sociological form of a thermodynamic principle so to speak of the essential nature of our existence.

Working toward a bridging solution that will not Challenge the basis of our Current economic paradigm and the statutes governing the agreed upon parameters within which this conceptual program is run will be much akin 2 following the custom of any location where you are a guest. By that I mean to say we will make every attempt and responsible process a standard for operational principles when we are engaging within that system. Space population alpha is not a national entity and has no authority within any set nation.
Everything should be open source 100%. I believe we need to use blockchain technology to incentivize. development by assigning a utility value for work applied to. or upon the system.
Establishing a business-friendly nongovernmental organization. will be. the path forward to this idea.
The consideration of universal principality is Circular inclusivity. We have examples. for this in. terms like. circular economy or closed loop system and my roots to this Cultural philosophy, The Lakota: It is the sacred hoop. The sacred hoop is everything, all things exist within the sacred hoop; It is all related. True universality is love. Use of the word sacred is important in context to this framework.
SPA= Space Population Alpha
first principal is honouring the life givers.
Is by establishing a network of essentially unionized material processing hubs that would conveniently locate at the waste management receptacles at every village, town, city. 
Being able to manufacture a Unitarian structure that issues tenders on requested product contracts.
The distribution of profit, or the service payment, standards, associated to any contract: will have every expense calculated. 
But what makes it fun is: being able to build the technology at basement 100 and opens up the possibility of creating very inexpensive utility substrate; that can be easily adapted to replace any level of construction infrastructure that Doesn't overlap the nodal geometry.
Mass producing these. 
I intend to have them fit in a container. 
standard, 20 foot shipping container, or seacan. 
and depending on where they'd go, more remote locations Might need up to three shipping containers: 
one would be the power hub station 
One would be the material processing unit that basically takes all their **** plastic. 
and whatever else we determined to be the easiest utility cheapest material to put in there, likely going to be sand. 
And the third one would be the printer 
building the material at 100 basement can create a finished structure or substrate that weighs about 4% of the weight of water,
where a cubic meter consists of 5000 hermetically sealed pockets of air
The first system I'll make is going to be operating at 100 basement. 
Reason number one is that at basement 200: fabrication steps per cubic meter Equate to eight times basement. 100

And basement 200 is the right size to make massive pontoon, or float structure, or digital concrete, or whatever you'd like to call it.
With most manufacturing businesses: scaling up production can be a real challenge.
I bet if you were to ask most of them why? they'd tell you it's because the land is so Expensive. 
As soon as any functional model of manufacturing tech has been built: we're intending to open source that
To allow anybody else to follow our plans to build it; along with pumping out those systems from our facility: where the core development team will be building the next basement level. 

along with the integration systemization that will enable form and function to follow the process again. 

At which point we start to ship.
We open source it. 
We allow anybody else to build it with open source license that requires attributive continuity.
Keeping the record of manufacture on the diamond system.
the diamond system will be free for anyone to access. 
It will be free for anyone to play with, and it will be free for anyone to design.
Create. 
and utilize. 
if for nothing more than to build themselves what they would like to make out of what the system can produce.
And again: that development will hold an  attributive value that will be associated to that creator; and available through the diamond exchange to anyone else Capable of interfacing this system..
What this will do is incentivize developers to jump on and race each other to the utility. 
Now this would fuck everything up if the attribution and distribution that was calculated into every contract tendered did not follow a specific I think the word is logarithmic distributive ratio:
so that will be the golden rule.
Every time anyone adds something to it, it is the top level. 
So while your shit is at the top level you'll be getting paid every time somebody uses it, But when people add other things to it,
and other people want that other thing that's added to it included in their piece, their top level is now the second level.
Then.
the 3rd 
then the 4th 
then the 5th 
and that logarithmic cost formula will ensure that the game is still fresh for anyone who gets onto it.

that distributed attribution honoring their contribution to the system will deflate relative to the overall configuration.
Therefore reducing their reward; and providing a base for the next developers opportunity To ride that wave.

The way that that formula breaks down is following phi. 

The golden ratio works out to 1.618.
1. is the equation formed from every expense going up the line. 
from raw material, processing, distribution, utilities, overheads, delivery drivers;
like everybody's paid out of that for what it will actually cost to get that tendered contract delivered. 
and the container price for the unit as offered through this exchange Will have that 61.8% for distributive attribution honoring.
In that. Onestone: which will be set up as a non governmental organization, will be receiving the first 1 out of that 1.618 on every contract tendered, which works out to 23% approximately, across the board.
outside of production cost and distributive expenses for everything at the one and lower level of contract tendered value transfer.
and the remaining profit.
So a unit that cost $1. is charged. one dollar sixty one point eight
onestone receives 0.38198206. This leaves 0 .237. on the dollar. for atributive distribution.
So if your tech is at the top of the design repository tendered to contract from total price paid: you will receive 14 points per every 1.618 So roughly 9% or something
And that number rolls down into the Fibonacci spiral of attribution for every step added to future tendered contracts.
So again, in the initial stages of this development, it will not make a shit ton of sense to too many people.
But those who do understand what it is, and put the effort into development of functional added utility. 
There will be a residual attribution carried with that effort following this pattern into perpetuity..
Part of what makes this a beautiful thing to do in setting up one stone as a non governmental organization, is that one stone can't keep that money. 
It will be mandated within the charter of operations that money will need to find an outlet
  
