Hello sir. I'll start out with an ask.
permission to come aboard?
2:39 PM
Granted
 

Thank you captain

I'm well aware that oftentimes the shit that I tweet may leave a bit to pick up
I really admire the way that you set up your posts for engagement. I think it's intelligent and I like the overall direction you seem to navigate.
Fair warning, the punctuation on what I write here will likely be Fucked up.
There will be added periods and occasionally there will be words that get repeated,
and I don't always check it before I send it so ~ I'm probably still partially illiterate, but just as a clause, I'm only almost as stupid as I come across with my punctuation and grammar.
2:47 PM
We're headed into a really interesting future and we definitely have an influence on what it will become; with that we are all well aware.
you can take the most ignorant person living in the world today; and if you were to put them into a conversation 1 on 1; it would not take long to have the general consensus show up stating that yes: this world is indeed lopsided
and that's being quite polite about the actual physicality of logistical fuckery that seems to have entwined our sociological development as an evolving adolescent civilization.
Tldr.
The system I'm working on is all about collaboration and integration.
I'm well aware that people will say all sorts of things and make claims that may or may not hold any level of value.
With that grain of salt in mind; Let's look very, very closely at it.
2:50 PM
When we look close enough at salt, we realize that we have a cubic lattice. 
Derived of three separated planes that have checkered topology that repeats ionic bonds in three dimensions indefinitely based on the valence reactivity of the sodium and the chlorine ions.
2:51 PM
If you take table salt and make a pile on your table, you can take a glass of water and sit it in the pile of salt. 
And it can be on an extreme angle.
And until such time as the center of gravity crosses over the perimeter line of the weight distribution through the bottom of that item, {ie: the glass that's got water in it}
the salt in its cubic lattice formation will keep a general stability due to its cubic nature.
So that's really neat. 
But salt really isn't all that strong. 
Ionically bonded elements really don't hold the same type of grit as you get with covalently bonded lattice structures like Diamond.
2:53 PM
Diamond is amazing as far as a natural mineral goes. 
They're a little bit high maintenance being that they really want all that heat and pressure to completely eliminate all other geometrical anomalous configuration possibilities, but outside of that; the four lateral planes of reinforcement added to the laterally distributed properties of the geometry of those four planes in our three dimensional space.
It really is a durable and resilient solid.
However, you don't necessarily need another diamond to make it shatter. 
It's fairly brittle.
It does not have a lot of give.
We've got all sorts of different things out there, but those two things in particular, {they probably don't scale properly, but the geometry does.} If you take those platonic solids: a cube and a tetrahedron; they fit together perfectly. 
Your finish result is as 7 plain lattice structure, and hypothetically; it's stronger than Diamond. 
If you do it right.

I know, I said TLDR...
you poor **** Now you got a novel.
 
You're still the captain. 
You can tell me to walk the plank if need be. 
But maybe kirks out? 
I don't know.
2:56 PM
The concept of what I'm trying to do with this material that I'm working on is fairly straightforward. 
The geometry works as a fractal, so being able to build it at one level: that level would be represented by a number.
That number would be considered the base measurement, or the "basement".
So with a Metatronium basement100: that would mean that every node was one hundred millimeters.
In the early days when I was engineering my processes, which back then were pretty rough, but I was doing the best I could. 
learning how to make the cuts with power tools with stable solid materials. 
Plexiglass is a little unforgiving when you work with it, but if you can make sharp cuts, you can make beautiful joints. 

{author here~ for the record: I used to make a lot of beutiful joints} (John wagnuts)

So I spent a lot of time learning how to make really great cuts.
2:59 PM
I moved on from there into digital modeling of the system. 
And that was a very slow integration, by the way. 
I got my first CnC laser cutter in 08; 3rd quarter. 
And when I got CAD software, I wanted the accuracy, so I got a program that would do the accuracy. 
It still use the same program today. 
Now I actually kind of know how to use it, which is good; but stepping across from my initial work that I did with it to the point where it was easier for me to draw an idea on the computer than on a piece of scrap plywood or drywall, or graph paper or whatever happened to be close by. 
Probably didn't happen until 2015 or something.
3:00 PM
So back in 2001 when I determined the frame geometry, or at least I thought I had. 
I used to call it pyramite: because it was a bunch of pyramids. 
I even thought I sounded really cool when I called it a quinti-tetrahedral sandwich core fill material.
The lead up to that started in 1997.
The ambition I had was to create a framing system, which I didn't even know that it would be called a framing system, but I get it now.
3:02 PM
I knew that if it was going to be possible to build things one atom at a time: Mechanosynthesis: ~ would involve a level of precision that we were incapable of achieving even with the best technology of the day. 
And in those days I did a bit of reading on scanning tunneling microscopy, and I remember being awe struck by the expense related to an ultra high vacuum system. 
And then learning about the frequency that molecules oscillate at even at the lowest temperatures. 
It used to blow my mind. 
But I was still determined, to figure out some way of building the way down there; incrementally. 
In order to hone the precision and mechanical advantage that would be required to make things one atom at a time..
Side note: the reason I wanted to have that eventuality was 30% conviction that the only way I'd be able to build a UFO was with nanotechnology, 
and 70%- We're a bunch of Ass holes, and we have done nothing but rape this planet.
And we need to restabilize our environmental impact and essentially establish our symbiosis with our natural world.

Again, out of respect. 

Cause we're a bunch of dicks.

So building a platform that can facilitate that is kind of the game plan with what I'm trying to build. 
Implementing that system is going to require something else.

And that's the big thing.

3:08 PM
It took a really long time. 
And a lot of stress trying to figure out how I would ever approach an IP strategy to navigate; what I felt to be a responsibility to this project.
And eventually that awareness kind of came about.
Good friend of mine said to me one day ~over polka: 
he's like you should just publish it. 
Information should be free. 
That doesn't mean you shouldn't be paid. 
Took me a bit to figure that out and understand what the fuck he meant, 
but that model is something I've been crunching on for a long time 
And the concept for it was basically..
Started for me around the same time Bitcoin was ever mentioned. 
And blockchain technology. 
though I'm not an expert in web 3 or the development of smart contracts or any of this. 
I have a general understanding of what it is and perhaps an intuitive grasp on input Cryptography with relation to decentralization.
So I've got a really basic road map that's going to need a lot of eyes and a lot of minds on. 
That kind of thing shouldn't be written by any one person anyhow. 
Fortunately, with the hardware end of things: it's fine because you know, proof is in the pudding. 
If I can actually make the thing work, then it's good. 
It doesn't run any risks until the concept of monopolization comes and puts its talons around it. 
So that's been a concern but I think the world is caught up to that end of it.
3:12 PM
The sketch I have outlining how that architecture should work.
Essentially puts it in the People's hands and makes it a public domain.
public utility. 
Where there is a free market which only operates following the protocol established in the setting forth of the exchange. 
So the only way I can see it operating fairly without contributing to oppressive scenarios, or a gain of net suffering:
Is by establishing a network of essentially unionized material processing hubs that would conveniently locate at the waste management receptacles at every village, town, city. 
And that can be iterated and further refined to whatever level. 
But the concept is. 
Being able to manufacture a Unitarian structure that issues tenders on requested product contracts.
The distribution of profit, or the service payment, standards, associated to any 10. contract: We'll have every expense calculated. 
So there is zero potential of encroaching nepotism or lording over the product..
3:17 PM
So I can imagine that probably sounds boring. 
But what makes it fun is: being able to build the technology at basement 100, and opens up the possibility of creating very inexpensive utility substrate; that can be easily adapted to replace any level of construction infrastructure that Doesn't overlap the nodal geometry.
3:20 PM
As soon as that first system is built, which I've already designed most of it, to be honest with you, it's not even that difficult to do As I say, I've been making this ship by hand for 20 years, and I have learned a hell of a lot in those times.
It's my intention to design and build an AK-47 of manufacturing units. 
Mass producing these. 
I intend to have them fit in a container 
standard, 20 foot shipping container, or secan. 
and depending on where they'd go, more remote locations Might need up to three shipping containers: 
one would be the power hub station 
One would be the material processing unit that basically takes all their **** plastic. 
and whatever else we determined to be the easiest utility cheapest material to put in there, likely going to be sand. 
And the third one would be the printer 
places with larger budgets or bigger populous they'd be able to afford two printer units. 
Places with more more, but you get the drift if nothing else.
building the material at 100 basement can create a finished structure or substrate that weighs about 4% of the weight of water,
where a cubic meter consists of 5000 hermetically sealed pockets of air
The first system I'll make is going to be operating at 100 basement. Most of the focus will be going on to the scaled up version of that device, and that's for a couple of reasons.
Reason number one is that at basement 200: fabrication steps per cubic meter Equate to eight times basement. 100

And basement 200 is the right size to make massive pontoon or float structure or digital concrete or whatever you'd like to call it.

And what nobody's going to see coming is how quickly it'll be able to build it.

With most manufacturing businesses: scaling up production can be a real challenge.
I bet if you were to ask most of them why? they'd tell you it's because the land is so Fucking expensive. 

and the amount of work involved in setting up a facility is insane

This is one of the fun things about what I'm working on.
3:26 PM
And with that, I'm back in the water, bro. 

I'll pick this one up in a bit, but I feel terrible for drenching your ship. 

Let me know if you need a hand. 

Bailing.

But in all likelihood, people will see the utility in having new land readily available wherever there's a river or a lake. 

As a construction material, it will take a little bit to be engineered on the production level and verified to meet the systemized code restriction :marketplace: lets be honest: is owned by controlling interests. who monopolize their trade work so that they can stay in the happy seat as. the distribution licensed**** mobsters or whatever you want to call them. But I've seen this first hand. I know for a fact that this is the way that it works with a lot of construction materials. There's a lot of grease. needed. to make anything move into a market. This is part of the reason why I intend to make a marine. utility.
3:38 PM
The hazards you would face in one specific national environment or market with something as disruptive as a five dimensional printer capable of operating at the rate which I'm....

anticipating will be....


surprising...


Could be fairly high. 

Industrialists of history have not got the best track record for considering long game, benefit to humanity.
to humanity over the short term; positions of lordship: They maintain through complacent participation..
3:40 PM
So there are a plethora of reasons why introduction of this form of digital manufacturing. 

is best. 

left. 

to float.

So back to building a ufo.
3:42 PM
As soon as any functional model of manufacturing tech has been built: we're intending to open source that

{ John wagner here: "we" is >me< and the voice of reason on behalf of natures stewardship}


To allow anybody else to follow our plans to build it; along with pumping out those systems from our facility: where the core development team will be building the next basement level. 

along with the integration systemization that will enable form and function to follow the process again. 

At which point we start to ship.
We open source it. 

We allow anybody else to build it with the common open source license that requires attributive continuity.
Keeping the record of manufacture on the diamond system.
3:44 PM
At this point, the diamond system will be free for anyone to access. 
It will be free for anyone to play with, and it will be free for anyone to design.
Create. 
and utilize. 
if for nothing more than to build themselves what they would like to make out of what the system can produce.
And again: that development will hold an  attributive value that will be associated to that creator; and available through the diamond exchange to anyone else Capable of interfacing this system..
3:46 PM
What this will do is incentivize developers to jump on and race each other to the utility. 
Now this would fuck everything up if the attribution and distribution that was calculated into every contract tendered did not follow a specific I think the word is logarithmic distributive ratio:
so that will be the golden rule.
3:47 PM
Every time anyone adds something to it, it is the top level. 
So while your shit is at the top level you'll be getting paid every time somebody uses it, But when people add other things to it,
and other people want that other thing that's added to it included in their piece, their top level is now the second level.
Then.
the 3rd 
then the 4th 
then the 5th 
and that logarithmic cost formula will ensure that the game is still fresh for anyone who gets onto it.

And yeah, there will be some op fucks who have got the coolest boats in the beginning. 
but as it goes.
that distributed attribution honoring their contribution to the system will deflate relative to the overall configuration.
Therefore reducing their reward; and providing a base for the next developers opportunity To ride that wave.

The way that that formula breaks down is following phi. 

The golden ratio works out to 1.618.
3:51 PM
1. is the equation formed from every expense going up the line. 
from raw material, processing, distribution, utilities, overheads, delivery drivers;
like everybody's paid out of that for what it will actually cost to get that tendered contract delivered. 
and the container price for the unit as offered through this exchange Will have that 61.8% for distributive attribution honoring.
3:52 PM
In that. Onestone: which will be set up as a non governmental organization, will be receiving the first 1 out of that 1.618 on every contract tendered, which works out to 23% approximately, across the board.
outside of production cost and distributive expenses for everything at the one and lower level of contract tendered value transfer.
and the remaining profit.
which give me a second here with my calculator Easy numbers to figure out.

So a unit that cost $1. is charged. one dollar sixty one point eight
3:55 PM
onestone receives 0.38198206. This leaves 0 .237. on the dollar. for atributive distribution.
3:58 PM
So if your tech is at the top of the design repository tendered to contract from total price paid: you will receive 14 points per every 1.618 So roughly 9% or something
And that number rolls down into the Fibonacci spiral of attribution for every step added to future tendered contracts.
If you're with me this far, Congrats, and I apologize, but: you granted me permission,
4:00 PM
So again, in the initial stages of this development, it will not make a shit ton of sense to too many people.
But those who do understand what it is, and put the effort into development of functional added utility. 
There will be a residual attribution carried with that effort following this pattern into perpetuity..
4:0
Part of what makes this a beautiful thing to do in setting up one stone as a non governmental organization, is that one stone can't keep that money. 
It will be mandated within the charter of operations that money will need to find an outlet
4:05 PM
I have yet to write up what that is And right now I'm a one man band.
So I need to reach out to people to get more minds than just mine on how that charter is written.
because the implications of what can be done with that form of utility and that level of operational capital. 
is something to be considered by and voted on 
That being said, of course I got veto power to tell anybody that decides they want to come in and try to put a rape vote on this; to go fucking pound sand, and even do it with my hands.
I'll fuck him up!
Don't give a fuck!
I will literally put my fucking life down to make damn sure nobody can get in there and fuck with it.
And the idea is that we set it up.
We roll it out, we let it go and that's it 

That's a constitution for space population Alpha.

Like it or not; it's available, and it's free. 
And if you add, you get compensated. 


on Onestone's attribution:
my initial consideration for how that resource gets allocated would be somewhere around the 70% point into development of basement drops, 
development of the interface, the UI for everybody, development of environmentalist mentality conservation projects, and for education outreach, and crisis abatement and management facilitation.
4:09 PM
If it's done properly. the remainder of everything left in the system should have a shelf life, like it needs to be spent or needs to be distributed within a time. 
That again like I say; for me to come up with all this shit on my own: I am a framer.
I've done the very best I can to configure the conceptual framework of what is the best possible result taking this technology forward, 
but I don't know enough about anything to make all this decisions on anything without putting it on the table first, and giving people an opportunity to have a word.
4:11 PM
So anyhow back to the development and the attribution
as this system gets bigger and bigger and the capability is diversified; the resulting material, that we can produce with it.
is far beyond our imaginations.

I had a vision of this when I was 16.

Shortly thereafter, I met a man who had had a vision of this when he was 5.

This man told me about that vision that had happened for him 74 years prior to that meeting, his name was Wallace Black Elk.
4:13 PM
Even after he passed away, we had a couple of meetings. 
and he had mentioned those when I saw him in person as well.
Was really unsure what he meant but 
every single thing he offered in way of advice, reassurance, and support. And I'll be honest, maybe a little ass kicking once in a while has been 100 percent.

That's as far as this description needs to go at this point, but I'm hoping that when you have an opportunity to read this,
if you read this
it'll make sense to you. 
You seem of like mind to the overall initiative
And with that, thanks for the hospitality. 
I'm going for a swim
4:15 PM

Sincerely,
John Wagner 

